Add missing translation (#992)
centreon/centreon-documentation: fr/graph-views/secure-your-map-platform.md

![image](../assets/graph-views/output_broker_tls.png)

> To create self-signed certificate, you can create one using the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a self-signed certificate, you can use the following commands:
```

```text
openssl req -new -newkey rsa:2048 -nodes -keyout broker_private.key -out broker.csr -days 365
openssl x509 -req -in broker.csr -CA ca.crt -CAkey ca.key -CAcreateserial -out broker_public.crt -days 365 -sha256
```

> And then, copy the private key and the certificate into **/etc/centreon/broker_cert/** directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then, copy the private key and the certificate into the **/etc/centreon/broker_cert/** directory:
```
